so share it with us what are you writing
my memoirs
I knew it the only real question we
should ask ourselves during our
existence is how much is a man's life
worth me I'm more twenty million dollars
and I hand over every last dollar and
get my old life back
do we still have same names now we are
the Blake family welcome
do you know where I might find it you
know it's good have you and your family
over there to make sure that don't
happen right try not to make budget
impossible
as one thing I don't like is being
interrupted
the best is hiding out nominee find it
what was that
Al Capone always said
asking polite for the Cunningham
is better than just asking polite what
you learn to work I want to show you
you